>> Kyle Simpson: Let's try to clarify
some ideas around inheritance, okay?
Because there is a lot of things
that I've thrown at you and
I just wanna make as clear sort
of a visual diagram as I can.
In classical oriented Languages C++,
Java, stuff like that.
When you make a class call workshop and
you instantiate it, you are conceptually
and in some cases, physically
copying down into those instances.
And when you make a child class call
another workshop that extends workshop,
you are copying down into that.
And when you instantiate that child class.
You're doing more copies.
So in other words these arrows are going
from left to right, top to bottom,
because they are fundamentally
copy operations.
When you try to do prototypal inheritance,
you have a workshop.prototype object.
And then you make another
object like deepJS or
reactJS, those objects are linked
to Workshop.prototype.
And then when you make another
workshop.prototype it is linked to.
And then when you make
JSRecentParts it is linked too.
So here, the arrows go from right to left,
and bottom to top.
Because this is a linkage, not a copy.
Follow me.
>> Kyle Simpson: This is often to
referred to as prototypal inheritance.
>> Kyle Simpson: I have a deep,
troubling issue with the idea of
calling this prototypal inheritance.
And here is what my issue is.
The word prototypal doesn't even really
mean anything concrete to must people.
Nobody even really knows what that means.
They just associate it
with this strange system.
But the word inheritance has a very strong
meaning, it carries lots of baggage.
And most people's brains have been
programmed to think about inheritance,
as having copy relationships.
So what we did was we took
this confusing-sounding
fancy word like prototypal,
stuck it in front of another word.
And then we pretended as if that's okay,
to completely reverse the meaning of it.
It's as if I stood up in front of you and
I had an apple in one hand, and
an orange in the other.
And then I said, no, no,
no that's not an apple.
That's just a red orange.
>> Kyle Simpson: You'd look at me like,
what you call it doesn't
change what it is.
It's an apple, right?
What you call this doesn't
change what it is.
It only creates more confusion.
For 20 plus years JavaScript
developers have been confused
by why don't classes in JavaScript work.
The way they do in other languages, and
nobody seems to have had the courage
to tell them, it's because the systems
are completely fundamentally different.
>> Kyle Simpson: We've been, in a sense,
pandering to the emotional attachment
to the class design pattern and
adding extra complexity on top of
JavaScript to suit
the syntactic sugar designers.
Instead of just embracing
what JavaScript already is.
Embracing its prototype system,
embracing the dynamic this nature.
We keep trying to put all these other
things on it so that it can be a class
system, dang it, it's definitely classes,
and in reality it's not classes.
It's just we're trying to do a better and
better job of duct taping
it to look like classes.